c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation.dll.config
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation.dll
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation.pdb
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\obj\Debug\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\obj\Debug\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation.dll
c:\users\judeb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\obj\Debug\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation.pdb
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation.dll.config
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation.dll
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation.pdb
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\obj\Debug\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\obj\Debug\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation.dll
C:\Users\judeb\Documents\BIN\1LatestApplication\Avnon_Consulting\PhoneBookAssessment\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation\obj\Debug\AvnonPhoneBookPresentation.pdb
